update: add info about paid Cryptomator apps (#2867)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/encryption.md

Cryptomator uses AES-256 encryption to encrypt both files and filenames. Cryptomator cannot encrypt metadata such as access, modification, and creation timestamps, nor the number and size of files and folders.

> Cryptomator offers [paid](https://cryptomator.org/pricing/) Android and iOS apps, with the iOS version offering a free "read-only" mode. The Android version can be purchased anonymously via [ProxyStore](https://cryptomator.org/coop/proxystore/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cryptomator is free to use on all desktop platforms, as well as on iOS in "read only" mode. Cryptomator offers [paid](https://cryptomator.org/pricing) apps with full functionality on iOS and Android. The Android version can be purchased anonymously via [ProxyStore](https://cryptomator.org/coop/proxystore).
```
This suggestion slightly clarifies why there are paid mobile apps in the first place.
